Good morning from the Asia [music]
Pacific. It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and here in Hong Kong. You're
watching The China Show. I'm David
Ingles.
>> [music]
>> And I'm April Hong in Singapore. We're
counting down to the open of markets in
the greater China [music] region. Our
top stories, the rally in Asian equities
stalling short of record highs [music]
as investors await big US tech earnings.
The yen also in focus with the Bank of
Japan seen [music] holding off on rate
hikes.
China seeks to block Meta's acquisition
of AI startup [music] Manners months
after the deal was sealed, testing
Beijing's ability to keep homegrown
technology out [music] of rivals' reach.
Also on the program, CATL raising $5 in
Hong Kong's biggest [music] share
placement for the year as it seeks to
bankroll its global expansion. [music]
I'm Haslinda Amin in Singapore for Bank
of America's technology meeting where
[music] AI will be front and center.
I'll be speaking with James Pang, head
of autonomous driving tech firm [music]
Pony.ai. Later, we'll be joined by the
head of Chen Du Bai's Gestalt a company
that wants to implant [music]
chips in people's brains.
>> [music]
>> Right, so it's been a We're wrapping up
almost, April, the month of April, and
it's really been a good month [music]
in as far as risk assets go. I think
when you look at benchmarks, right? We
just talked about it. You mentioned it
at the top. Uh so, we're very near a
record high on Asia. Might not get there
just looking at the price action
currently, but I mean, we're 1% away.
And that that that's despite when you
have this this this stasis when it comes
to the Iran story. Uh and silently, you
know, oil has held up above 100. It's
above 108 uh right now I think we're up
eight or nine straight days in oil, but
all that is to say Brent has somewhat
taken its own market, carved out its own
market theme, but obviously equity
markets are focused on AI and maybe
central bank decisions.
Yeah, you talk about that stasis, right?
I guess we're seeing that in some form
based on what the consensus is on the
BOJ today that they're not going to move
on rates, but of course we'll be
watching out for the inflation forecasts
along with the number of dissenters on
the voting committee. Aside from that, a
couple of things that we're watching in
terms of China developments. This
includes CATL as we mentioned at the top
of the show, five billion dollars on
that Hong Kong placement. We are of
course seeing how the NDRC just a day
ago decreeing pretty much that Meta will
need to, you know, unwind its
acquisition of Manas. What does this
mean for startups, tech, VCs that are
trying to so-called de-China themselves
or reduce their exposure in that market.
Along with that, of course, lots of
earnings today as well, about a hundred
plus companies including BYD, and we'll
watch for what this tells us about the
rivalry with some of the other Chinese
EV makers. Of course, we already got
some of the earnings, Tianqi Lithium,
along with Tsingtao, and those were
beats, so we'll watch the market
reaction in that sense as well, David.
Yeah, absolutely. Cosco Shipping, I
believe it's also very much in deck. So
yes, that's right, BYD and the big autos
are coming out
later today. I think just to add on
CATL, I'm looking at my screens right
now and whether or not and likely we
will see some pressure on the stock
there given
the final pricing on
that that that share placement. And also
just to mention too, right, this whole
the this rethinking of China's growth
forecast is on the macro level. The
final point there is, you know, rising
yields, 30-year yield up a third
Moody's coming out, of course, with
their
latest upgrade in as far as China is
concerned. So, anyway, we'll we'll put
all of that thing all of those things
together, but certainly our top story
today is in tech and China and maybe a
dose of geopolitics in the story.
And the big one is, of course, China has
moved here to block this
$2 billion acquisition on the part of
Meta for a genetic AI startup Magnus,
but questions remain about how really if
and and how the deal can be unwound.
It's almost 6 months, of course, after
it had been
it was sealed. Nick Or Gone, our China
economy and government reporters with us
here to talk us through here and what we
know. Good morning and thank you, by the
way, for joining us. What what do we
know so far about the Beijing's decision
here? Yes, David. The big decision was
announced in just one sentence
statement from China's National
Development Development and Reform
Commission, which is this powerful state
planner. And specifically, it says the
office for security review of foreign
investment has decided to block the
investment and ordered the relevant
parties to revoke and to unwind the
deal. So, this is a big surprise
decision, but it's actually months in
the making because we know that, you
know, Magnus has been facing a lot of
the criticism for leaking crucial
technology to China's top, you know,
geopolitical rival, the United States.
And back in January, China's Commerce
Ministry already signaled that it was
reviewing investigating whether this
deal actually complying with China's,
you know,
regulations and laws. And and the
regulations and laws it cited include
like export control on technology and
foreign investment. Actually, this is
the first time in 15 years China has
publicly announced that it's using this
foreign investment security review
mechanism, you know, to make such a
decision. And so, the the next question
is how
the decision will be implemented, right?
The very very short statement, very
sharp, straight to the point. A lot of
these things have to be unwound, right?
Money's been paid, some employees are
already working at at the Meta offices.
So, talk us through the steps of, you
know, how then this gets implemented.
>> Yeah, David, this is actually really the
crucial question here, right? Because as
you said, right, the two companies, Meta
and Mana, have been operating under the
assumption that the deal has already
been wrapped up, and this happened like
4 months ago. So, as you mentioned,
Mana's employees have already moved into
Meta offices in Singapore, its
executives have already joined Meta's
high-profile AI team, and the code, Mana
has already shared its code with Meta,
according to our colleagues' reporting.
So, exactly what the Chinese authorities
can do to force the deal to be unwound.
Let's not forget that actually Meta
doesn't have a lot of business exposure
to China. Its main platforms, Facebook
and Instagram, are both banned in China.
But analysts have told us that one area
that that the Chinese authorities could
potentially
use as leverage is by restricting the
movement of Mana's executives, and
potentially forcing them to perhaps
resign from Meta.
And what is the message then that you
think Beijing is sending here? Right, I
think this big move is really a warning
against other Chinese technology
startups that if they ever wanted, you
know, to move overseas to Singapore and
and to expand globally, they will have
to get the approval of the Chinese
government first. Right? Because this is
a classic act of sort of killing the
chicken to scare the monkey here.
Because, you know, China has been
ascending the innovative sort of tech
sector for a long time, and now it's
come to a point where Chinese developed
technologies and systems are, you know,
are being sort of chased by other, you
know, foreign investors. So, it sees
itself as having this access to valuable
technology and talents that it doesn't
want this important sort of sector to to
be leaked to its foreign rivals without
the consent of Beijing.
Nectar, thank you for taking us through
the details there and the big picture
and the message of course that's being
sent. Our China economy and and
government reporter
just now. Right,
just looking ahead to the show lots
coming up here of course on the China
[music] show today. We'll be live at a
Bank of America tech dialogue in
Singapore. Pony.ai James Peng will be
joining us next to talk about the
company's expansion [music] plans and
the future of autonomous driving. So the
opening bell, what are we doing now? 22
minutes away Shanghai, Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong. A ton of earnings [music]
to look ahead to a ton of earnings to
react to. CATL's of course very much in
focus. Futures are pointing a fifth of
1% to the downside. Lots more ahead.
This is [music] the China show.
Right, we're looking at declines [music]
going into the open today. Quite
standout in fact. I think we don't
normally see this some of these
contracts move
to this extent. But I mean we'll see.
We'll see what happens. But yes, we are
looking at declines and of course the
yield story is reversing somewhat of the
previous day's move. CATL is indicated
lower as we approach the open because of
that
quite a massive share placement there.
Avril.
Yeah, pricing at the low end of the
range. Of course we're watching tech
stocks in the session as well amid this
optimism surrounding AI. [clears throat]
Let's get to the Bank of America
technology dialogue in Singapore. Inside
Angela's Linda [clears throat] Amin is
there. How's all yours?
It is about technology. It is about
innovation and we need to be speaking to
James Peng, CEO of Pony.ai. James, good
to have you with us.
Thanks for having me. You have an
ambitious global expansion plan. You're
already in Doha, you're in Singapore,
and you're in Dubai as well. Are you
looking at new markets as you expand the
business?
Yes, definitely because from our
experience, we have found that the
mobility demand is similar throughout
the globe. And currently we're looking
at expanding into some core markets such
as some European markets,
uh
uh countries in the Middle East, uh
Singapore as we discussed for sure, and
South Korea, and uh probably we're
looking at at least expanding into maybe
10 to dozen cities this year. This year
alone, and would that help you push your
target of 3,000 much further?
Uh well, hopefully that will be be the
case. I think the key challenge is is
every country has different regulations.
Every country has different regulations
related to transportation, related to
data privacy, data protection, and all
that. So, we essentially have to
navigate the complex regulatory
environment, but as we are getting
experience,
uh definitely we'll we'll we'll our goal
is to have much larger fleet expansion
this year. You talk about navigating. Of
course, we're talking amidst the Iran
war. Is it uh derailing
your operation in any way? Is it
derailing your production in any way?
No, I don't think it's derailed, but but
it's sort of pushed a pause button for
our operation in the Middle East for a
little bit. Uh and and uh actually
during the conflict, the shipment of our
vehicles is actually just floating
uh oh
in one of the oceans over there, but we
were able to
uh resume the operation, I think because
the demand for autonomous driving is
strong, and the commitment from the
local government for autonomous driving
is very strong. So, we were able to
actually resume the operation, and uh
I I think overall is
just a a little pause. So, pause, but no
delays expected. You are still
on track for your targets.
In In a way.
>> Yes, because we were able to actually
accelerate afterwards.
When it comes to the EV space, the
robotaxi space, there are lots of
concerns about uh safety. We saw the
outage
uh in terms of the Baidu fleet, about
100, I think, uh fleets
all stalled at the same time. How are
you looking at that incident, and how
are you mitigating the risks from that?
Yeah, I think safety has
been always being the the cornerstone of
our industry, right? Our company motto
actually is
uh safety first.
Uh
in a way, I think the uh
it it's
a a incident like Baidu's, I think it's
uh probably inevitable as the whole
industry is moving forward, as we are
all learning the uh uh consequences for
potential
uh
In this case, it's not real really
safety. It's like a uh
traffic disruption. So, for us,
I think it's uh comes In order to
mitigate this type of uh incidents, I
think it has to go through
uh a full
full-ranged approach to deal with it, uh
ranging from
technology, running from the safety of
the vehicle itself, but it's also about
how you mitigate the risks, right?
Instead of if there's anything happens,
the vehicle should still have the
ability to handle the minimum risk, and
a pull over for example and also it's
it's also about
safety response. Right? If anything like
that happens, we should respond really
quickly. So so I think it's a good thing
that we as an industry we all learn from
prior mistakes and try to make the whole
system to be safer and more efficient.
>> But people talk about the
vulnerabilities of a centralized system.
Is there a way around that? Is there an
alternative? What are you looking at?
Yes, because it's not just about
centralized. It's also how do you make
the vulnerability to be distributed?
It's about how you build redundancy into
your system.
While while system fails, you should
always have maybe not even one level of
redundancy. Have three
layers of redundancy. So so there's
certainly a system design approach to
mitigate the risk. These are all risk
and other risk include of course the use
of Nvidia chips. We know you're not
using the advanced chips, but you're
still using Nvidia chips. Given the
flip-flopping
in policies to do with Nvidia chips, do
you see any risk of being
perhaps for lack of better word
dependent on Nvidia?
No, because we're using automotive grade
computer chips. The advancements of
those chips probably not even as good or
advanced as advanced as the computer
chips in your in your laptop here.
So we don't see there's imminent risks
for supply disruption. But of course as
we all know there's
more and more domestic chip makers that
coming up with
good alternatives and we are we are
certainly can look at alternatives if
there were any potential disruptions.
>> So you're not yet looking at local
alternatives. Well, we have trials but
but definitely not seriously looking.
China has been quite open about pushing
Chinese companies to use domestic AI
chips. Do you see a trade-off?
How keen are you on that? And how
feasible is that for Xpeng?
No, I think it's still still
will take time to to catch up. Uh
currently as we're
our scale as we discussed is several
thousands. I think we're we're still not
actively looking any alternative yet. Uh
but
well, only time can tell. Okay. And 5
years down the road, how do you see
Xpeng? What are the plans? What are the
targets for Xpeng?
Uh
so
definitely I think for us the most
important
uh
push for now is for scale up.
It's how do we actually
push out more autonomous driving
vehicles onto the road? Essentially, we
have
at least I do see the inflection point
of fully driverless as the technologies
start maturing. Uh the relevant
regulations is in place and we already
discussed about about global expansion.
So, I think
to me in 5 years probably we're all the
whole company is centered on one word,
scale.
How we scale up, how we put uh a
technology into use so for millions of
people to enjoy. Are your investors not
buying into your growth story when you
take a look at your share price in Hong
Kong currently trading at about 84 Hong
Kong dollars. It's a drop from 136,
I think. What message do you think
investors are sending you about the
company?
No, I think people have expectations of
uh even faster scale. Uh
but
the thing that it's such a complex
system
as we're building more safety uh
uh
measures as we are building the
production capacities. We just actually
launched our 2027 model where the whole
price of the vehicle,
computer chips,
and the sensors all combined is just a
little bit over 30,000 USD.
So, we're laying the groundwork for
massive growth.
So, I think investors have just have
seen what's over the over the surface.
They didn't see much movement, but under
the surface, we're like a iceberg. We're
really building [laughter]
a lot of uh
actual work, cost reduction, regulatory
work,
safety measurements,
the the groundwork ground
personnel for international expansion.
So, so when people see is finally the
the activities
above the surface, they will recognize
it. In the end, it is also about price.
You have talked about how, you know, the
cost of your robot taxi will be below
$230,000.
How is that possible?
I I think definitely a lot of things
went into a lot of efforts.
Granted you from the scale up, granted
you from our software optimization, from
the whole supply chain optimization. So,
so definitely we'll see the price
continue to drop and
and the scale continue to grow.
>> course it's 30,000
Chinese yuan, not dollars. Yeah, it's a
a bit over 30,000 dollars. All right.
Thank you so much for that, James. James
Peng, CEO of Pony.ai. He considers the
company like an iceberg. So, watch this
space.
Thank you.
As thank you. Of course, we'll have more
exclusives coming up from Singapore when
we speak with the CEO of Justtella,
China's first ultrasonic brain computer
interface company. will also be speaking
with Bank of America's APAC head of
global corporate and investment banking
and check in on India's space sector
with Skyroot Aerospace, Dave.
Okay, well, speaking of space, um as you
look at the approach to the open today,
I should tell you about this trading
debut, one of the trading debuts today.
Uh Ligentec is up a whopping close to
400%.
Unsurprising given how massively
oversubscribed this the stock was. By
the way, it's the same that's the same
company as
um
Tech uh which is of course debuting
today, of course. So, just to put those
two terms together so you don't confuse
yourselves. Uh and the other thing we
want to point out is CATL. Uh after that
private placement, shares are now
trading in the pre-market very close to
the placement price of I think 628, 630.
We're down about 7% in the early goings
of CATL here in Hong Kong. Lots more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, couple of stocks [music]
we're watching in the session. Of
course, the battery maker CATL as it has
priced its placement for Hong Kong, $5
billion but on the low end in terms of
that share sale. This is also of course
a company that has risen what, 160% in
terms of its Hong Kong stock since its
debut. And this is against the backdrop
of some of the other companies that
we're watching in the session as well,
including Hometel that has priced its
yuan convertible bonds. And this is also
I think coming in on the low end of the
range, we are also tracking Huahong. In
general, chip stocks have been doing
well amid the AI rotations. Really the
divergence between AI hardware versus AI
software, but we are indicated a bit
lower on the stock for the moment,
David.
Go into some stocks that are doing the
opposite. Uh so, we have two trading
debuts in Hong Kong and we'll be able
with some live pictures in a moment here
of the exchange, but just to tell you
about early price seeing first day at
school as public companies, at least
here in Hong Kong, 380%.
Uh
uh on one, which is uh Shijie Tech, uh
surging as you can see on your screens.
Not quite the same robust gains, but up
nonetheless here uh of course on the
other one, which is uh Mabwell
Bioscience, which of course is in uh
biotech antibody drugs. Develops,
manufactures, and distributes the same
in terms of the products there. Right,
so good first day at school. It's
There's really been this emerging theme
this week of deal activity picking up,
whether that's in the ECM [music]
markets or equity capital markets, debt
capital markets. We talked about April
just [music] mentioned convertible bond
there, CATL private placement there. So,
deal activity is picking up as we go
into the thick [music] of this week,
plus of course earnings. Lots to tell
you about ahead of the open this
case, Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Good morning. Uh welcome back. You're
watching the China show going into the
opening bell today. Lots to talk about.
Two trading debuts coming up on your
screens on your left. Uh we have a ton
of earnings [music] to get through.
Uh some auto makers are coming out with
earnings today. You have this meta deal
on Mannequin getting blocked, so that's
a different [music] iteration. A lot of
deals as well. CATL, China Hongqiao in
terms of the China story.
Uh but yes, uh this is the the big one
we're tracking today, 400% in the early
goings
on Li Auto,
which [music] is uh Xpeng Tech uh
surging in the debut today. So, uh in a
couple of seconds, uh they'll be banging
those literal gongs, [music] April. So,
we I think we will watch it very
closely. What are you watching today,
April?
I mean, there are a couple of macro
things uh there on the cards, right? As
we come down to the open and there you
go, seeing
uh about to see the gong being clash, so
to speak, on that trading debut.
Uh but it's really, I think,
underscoring the level of interest in AI
at the time where on a macro level,
China's stood out in the way it's shown
resilience from not just the Iran war,
but think about tariffs as well. And
that's, I think, underscoring Moody's in
the sense that it's, of course,
maintained the credit rating for China,
but also upgraded the outlook from
negative to stable. Something that OCBC
has already come out with reacting,
"Hey, this was overdue." We are seeing,
though, that pullback on the mainland
for the moment. Uh
we are seeing Chinese bonds catching a
bid, though, even on the longer end, not
by much, but you're still seeing a bit
of that demand there.
Uh aside from that, take a look at what
we're seeing in Hong Kong, because this
is, of course, a market that still
hasn't recouped all the losses that
we've seen or gone back to the pre-Iran
war levels. And that's the same with the
tech sector there as well. So, again,
the theme that we've been tracking when
it comes to AI, if you are a recipient
or an investor of AI versus if you are
hardware. So, we are seeing that bit of
a drag, maybe also a bit of the consumer
lag as we talk about things on the macro
level. On that note, take a look at
earnings. Lots of uh some of these
corporate releases to unpick as we watch
Sing Tao. Remember the corporate or the
consumer lag so to speak, but we did get
a beat from them. TNT Lithium, of
course, rare earths as a sector that's
been doing well against the backdrop, of
course, of uh some of the other names
that we're watching in the session along
with these Hong Kong trading debuts
including the one that we just saw get
underway at the exchange, Dave.
Yeah.
Um
for our viewers that might not know that
banging of the gong, that's usually how
what greets Yvonne Man when she walks in
the office on some days. Um
but she's not here today, so we had to
lend the exchange her gongs there for
Yvonne. In in in in In any case, of
course, uh speaking of uh let Avril let
me borrow the the the analogy from James
Pong on that iceberg analogy, right? Um
so so I think you mentioned that Hong
Kong markets, most of which remain under
underwater. Okay. Uh okay. CATL in
focus. A and H shares coming up on your
screens. H shares, of course, $5
billion. Uh we're down about 7%. We're
trading slightly below the placement
price. The pricing was out. Uh let's
bring in Julia Fioretti here with us, of
course, to talk us through the all the
these big deals coming through as well
uh in Hong Kong space outside, of
course, of the markets themselves.
Julia, nice nice to see you. Okay, tell
us about CATL.
Um so they've raised uh $5 billion
through this placement. Um that's
largely capitalizing on the rally in the
Hong Kong shares that we've seen since
they listed in Hong Kong a year ago.
That was at least as of yesterday, it
was about 160%.
And it's quite an opportunistic raise
because um the H shares are trading are
still trading at a pretty hefty premium
to the A shares. Um so obviously it
makes sense to raise the money here in
Hong Kong. And it was priced at a 7%
discount, which was at the wider end of
the range that uh CATL had marketed the
shares at. But in fact it just goes to
show that large deals can still get done
in Hong Kong even despite um a really
good deal certainty that's going on and
the volatility that we're seeing in the
markets and there's still pretty strong
demand for for companies like CATL.
What does all this tell us about the
state of the Hong Kong market amid the
war in the Middle East?
That it's that it's pretty resilient
effectively. That for companies in the
right sectors and the sectors that are
really attracting investor attention,
there will be demand that if it comes at
the right price. We've seen obviously
today we have two pretty strong uh
debuts in Hong Kong, but we've also seen
um in recent weeks that companies that
have been listing that have come in
they're sort of part of the AI theme or
the AI infrastructure theme and they've
really done uh pretty well. So investors
are ready to back companies that are
leaders in their sector. CATL would
obviously be one example, but Victory
Giant a few couple weeks ago was was
another.
Um and so it's basically showing that
the market is is is open uh in pretty
pretty short windows.
Uh
there's another deal that we're talking
about today, Hong Chao, uh convertible
bonds. Uh the details of that one.
Uh so yes, so it raised uh the
equivalent of $1.5 billion from the
convertible bonds. It's been a pretty
strong start for convertible bonds uh in
Asia, particularly Hong Kong this year.
Last year was a record year and in a way
though the market's conditions right now
are perfect convertible bonds. They like
volatility because the equity option
becomes more valuable.
Um and provided that share prices remain
at a decent levels, then obviously the
investor demand and issuers are more um
are keener to to issue them. Uh so we've
been seeing a lot of them from from
miners in the mining space. This would
obviously be one example. Um but
companies have really taken quite a
liking to convertible bonds and we're
expecting a strong year uh for issuance.
>> Okay, a lot of activity coming through.
Julia Fioretti, thank you so much. Our
equity markets capital reporter there.
Okay, let's talk about this. So, we I
think you will just mention the ongoing
or the lack of progress in Iran, but
really how that big that major issue is
is perhaps affecting how people think
about supply chains in the Asia Pacific,
right? Moving forward in the midst
really what's going on there. CLSA
recently actually launched what it's
calling the China supply chain
resilience 30 30 thematic portfolio. The
company says China's relatively
comprehensive production and supply
chain network exhibits remarkable
resilience amidst escalating
geopolitical tension. Some of the
companies partial list included in that
portfolio of 30 on your screens right
now. To talk us through the rationale
and how this holds up the key themes
that we should be looking at from an
alpha perspective and also from a beta
perspective if and when we get that buy
on dips scenario. Joining us here in set
is Leisure Hou, Asia strategist at CITIC
CLSA. Very nice to see you. Good
morning.
>> having me. Okay, talk to us about this
portfolio
and what the rationale is behind this.
>> Okay, [clears throat] so basically we
look at this portfolio from a more macro
perspective cuz if you look at the first
quarter China GDP, it's 5% which is
beating the market consensus. And also
if you're looking into the industrial
profits, actually in in from January to
to March,
the industrial profits grow at 15%. So,
basically you can see that China's kind
of not not only just withstand this hit
from the Iran
crisis, but also kind of take a profit
from that. So, that is why we need to
re-evaluate the resilience of the China
supply chain. Well, when the other
regions their capacity may be destroyed
by the war, but for China they they'll
be they'll be able to withstand that.
So, I mean, well for global investors,
if you want to look for the uniqueness
in China market, okay, this This the
resilience that you might need to pay a
premium. Yeah, so that's why we gathered
this
portfolio. Okay, and the three the three
key themes in terms of energy, talk to
us about that, too.
>> Oh, yeah. So, we have three sub themes.
The first is clean energy substitution.
Cuz right now, as you can see, China is
kind of benefit from this new energy
transition in the past 10 years. But for
the other countries, especially for the
like Japan and South Korea, they might
still be heavily reliant on the
traditional energy, right? For the
production line. So, basically, I think
all the other countries might think
about whether we should speed up our
clean energy transition. But China
happened to be the, you know, the clean
energy power equipment largest provider
in the world. Okay, so basically, these
will become a new growth for China for
these industrials in China. And the
second one is the global share
realignment. These are for the
traditional sectors.
For example, for the upstream chemicals.
I see. Yeah, right. So, so basically,
you can see those refineries were hit in
the middle in the Gulf regions. But for
China, our capacity is still safe. So,
relatively, I think China for the
refineries, they will be able to sell
the products to the other markets in
global, as well. And the last one is
what we call strategic resources.
Basically, you can see during the trade
war, China used the rare earth as one of
the bargaining chip to negotiate with
US, right? But for this year, there's
because of this war, we see that more
and more products were forbidden from
export like that for Russia, for China,
also. So, we include some of these
strategic metals and fertilizers that
China has
how to say a certain global share. Then
China may be able to use this as another
bargaining chip. Yeah.
So, how you highlighted earlier perhaps
some of these energy names, and it's
interesting it's more beneficial what
we've seen in the past month or so for
Yeah. upstream. But what about
downstream, which is maybe finding it a
bit difficult to pass on higher costs as
well.
Yeah, that's a very good question. To be
honest, so for the next two to three
quarters, it is very critical for us to
look at the CPI. So, whether the PPI the
uprising PPI is able to be passed down
to the downstream.
Um we're also looking to this earning
season very closely. So far, we think
for those uh manufacturers uh with
higher overseas exposure, they're still
be able to pass down this kind of
upstream cost to their end customers.
But for some downstream manufacturers,
uh I think they might suffer some margin
squeeze at this moment. So, uh for our
semi-annual portfolio, we still don't
include any consumption names here
because we have this concern. I mean,
this is also universal for the other
markets. If you look at the US stock
market, I think people also have some
concern about the continuity of the
consumption, right? So, I mean, this is
uh so far, we just pay attention to the
upstream where this seems to have uh
very rosy profits for this and next
quarter.
Okay, you talked earlier about the need
for sort of re-rating. What are you
seeing in terms of what's most
underrated and how much of a premium do
you think needs to be built in going
forward?
Well, I mean, there's still huge and I
mean, if if you look at like the CATL or
the H the H uh share price is clearly
enjoying a very high premium versus
China A share. So, basically, um for
many manufacturer names listed in China
A share, uh we put some of the
our uh stocks here in the list. As you
can see, I think they're relatively
still have some discount compared to the
other global manufacturing leaders.
Well, at we have to admit that China is
so far the one of the biggest uh
manufacturing powerhouse in the world.
So, why shouldn't we give it a premium
at this moment, right?
Uh Shuhua, let me ask you then.
The I think the underlying premise, it
seems to me, is if
you know, we're thinking about or
rethinking globalization.
>> Yeah. A reversal somewhat of some of
those trends that this is a portfolio
that might make sense. Yeah.
China's a big exporting economy and
these names need to go global. In other
words, so how those two things seem
counterintuitive
to me. How does a portfolio hold up in a
world where we are reversing parts of
globalization? Yeah, this is a very good
question. So, I mean, in the past
globalization trend, I mean, starting
from 2003 when China joined WTO, China
is uh gradually becoming the world
factory at the cost of, you know, cheap
labor, right? So, but now I think what
China wants to be is make sure that we
can remain our manufacturing capability
under this anti-globalization trend. We
are talking about anti-globalization is
not that, okay, we stop trade with each
other. I think it's more like the
trading region become more fractured.
Like China would seek a very closely
trading relationship with ASEAN
countries, right? So, we are seeing more
and more our exports are going to ASEAN
rather than to directly to the US or EU.
So, this kind of trade relation is still
well maintained but in a different way.
Well, what China wants to make sure is
that, okay, under this
anti-globalization trend, we're still
the world factory, but we can produce
products with a good quality at fair
cost.
Can I ask let's pivot the
conversation to just strategy in this
market. The Asia market, as you point
out, has been relatively resilient.
>> Yeah. A couple of things you guys
highlight in the other report, right?
Hedge fund filings, for example,
48-month high. What are those things
telling you? Those ETF flows, what are
they telling you about the near-term
direction of the of the index? Well,
maybe we can have a more, you know,
broad picture. So, first you just
mentioned the hedge fund filings, which
is the at 48-month high.
>> 48-month high, okay.
>> Yes, and also for the return investors
in in March, the new account openings
disclosed by the Shanghai Exchange is
the second highest in the past 12
months. So, basically, there's no
shortage of liquidity for especially for
China Asia. So, uh we are kind of
expecting more inflows into the market,
especially for uh the sectors that we
just mentioned cuz they seems to be able
to deliver uh decent profits uh earnings
for the next two to three quarters. And
uh after this revaluation, then we will
we might uh to revalue, you know, to
reassess our portfolios. Uh but, that
will be for the second half of this
year.
>> I see. What is the best
opportunity right now in the Asia
market? What's the best trade? I think
the best trade is the uh sorry, the
domestic semis cuz we just have the deep
deep secret view for uh
uh
uh AI model. It seems that from their
official announcement is that uh they're
going to lower their token price once
their model is kind of could could be
applied to the uh Huawei uh uh
chip. Right, the ascent. So, basically,
I think uh the China's uh model is now
together with the China's uh domestic uh
computing center, there's a reinforcing
process. Um they have a very successful
successful business model in the second
half of this year. So, we might see
another round of similar AI cap backs
that we see in the US right now. That
that could be the new economic driver
for China. Okay. And these are hardware
plays, right? Not software.
>> these are for the hardware plays.
>> Fantastic for Thank you for that
clarification and other things as well.
Great insights there. Uh Lu Shaoqun,
A-share strategist at CITIC uh CLSA.
Right, we have lots more coming up here
on shows. Earnings are in fact on tap.
We just touched on earnings there. You
have BYD, Geely coming out with earnings
uh in a couple of hours. We'll get you a
preview [music] just ahead. This is the
China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> We're looking at EVs as well. Uh these
some [music] of these the sector clearly
is facing these key tests the upcoming
results. You have guidance and pricing
whether or not that will be given.
Certainly investors will be watching out
for any clues on that. BYD reporting
later Tuesday after lagging the recent
sector rally of course and analysts
expecting its third straight quarter of
falling
revenue. Markets also get rival Geely's
first quarter earnings numbers that
comes out tomorrow. Charlotte Yang our
Asia equities reporter is here to talk
us through the top things investors will
be watching for these earnings today.
Yes, so first and foremost margins given
that we already know how much BYD has
sold over 700,000 vehicles for the first
quarter. And but what investors really
care about is how much money they're
making per vehicle. So Morgan Stanley is
expecting around 6300 yuan level. That's
7% down from the December quarter. And
so you basically you're looking at these
domestic headwinds when it comes to
price discounts and also higher raw
material price. But then you also get
the tailwind from higher margins of
those export cars. So basically you're
looking at how the company will be able
to balance these. And in addition
investors will also be caring a lot
about what the company will say when it
comes to the export demand and going
forward. We we know that for the first
quarter especially since the war
breakout there has been really strong
demand for
BYD cars overseas especially in markets
like the South in Southeast Asia. But as
higher energy prices drag on longer and
these economies can be particularly
sensitive to that. There is also
concerns about how that may just weigh
on the broader consumer sentiment. And
for the domestic side BYD has been
facing challenges over the past year in
defending off its market share. And now
it has upgraded its battery technology
charging technology as well as
introduced some refreshed models. For
example the Great Town model during the
Beijing Auto Show that has been gaining
strong momentum. So any
comments management can provide
regarding the domestic sales will also
be closely watched. And if we take a
step back looking at the stocks, the
rivalry between BYD and Geely, what what
this is essentially the earnings results
will be a test for that. Given that
Geely has been given pretty a big
guidance during the December quarter and
saying that they they are confident that
they may be able to expand how much
money they're making per car. So, if we
do see a divergent trend between these
two companies, that may have some
implications for their shares going
forward.
Hm. Charlotte, what about tests or
upcoming catalysts for Chinese AI
hardware stocks that have been all the
rage? I mean, we just heard from CICC
Shirley talking about, you know, that's
that's a buy.
Yeah, so the Chinese AI hardware sector
has been really being investors'
favorite of late. And so, for example,
you're looking at Star50 that has gained
index in
in onshore that's gained over 15% in
this month, outbidding the others. And
I think the key reasons why investors
love this so much are the volatility and
uncertainty is that earnings has been
really strong. So, we've been we've been
seeing earnings upgrades for the
hardware stocks, you know, and that
stands in stark contrast with the rest
of the tech space, which is, for
example, internet giants that have also
been investing AI, but their business is
just more sensitive to the broader
consumer recovery. So, they and also the
competition, so there has been
downgrades on that front. And I think
the near catalyst will be can be which
is China's leading chip AI chip designer
that is reporting tomorrow. Consensus is
expecting over 60% for the sales growth.
And also so far this week, we've already
have pretty upbeat results, for example,
from More Swartz, which is a GPU
designer that has turned into profit
this quarter. So, if we do get another,
I think, positive result, especially on
the profit front, that will be adding
more fuel uh to this rally.
Charlotte, good stuff. Thank you so
much. Our Asia equities reporter,
Charlotte Yang. And in other earnings
news this morning, Tsingtao Brewery
reported net income for the first
quarter that beat the average [music]
analyst estimate. Profit jumped just
over 5% to 1.8 billion yuan, and that's
despite [music] revenue missing
estimates, falling 1 and 1/2% on year.
WuXi AppTec surging in Hong Kong after
it posted better than expected
first-quarter sales and net income.
Revenue was up 29% on year. Analysts say
the results [music] were supported by
strong growth in its discovery and
management services for small-molecule
drugs.
Montage Technology's first-quarter
profit hit a record, [music]
fueled by chip shipments critical to AI
infrastructure. Net income [music]
jumped more than 60%, topping analyst
estimates. Montage shares have surged
more than 140%
since [music] its IPO in February as
Chinese demand for AI hardware continues
to accelerate. We'll have more on this
later. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Some global news as well. The White
House says President Trump discussing
Iran's latest peace [music] proposal
with his team, but US officials are
maintaining their red lines, including
preventing Tehran [music] from getting
nuclear weapons. Iran has proposed
reopening the strait in exchange [music]
for the US ending its blockade of
Iranian ports, but it wants the US to
postpone more complex negotiations over
[music] its nuclear program.
A California man has been charged with
trying to kill President Trump during an
attack [music] on a media dinner in
Washington over the weekend. The
31-year-old made his first appearance in
federal court, where he was also charged
with gun offenses. [music]
The suspect had sent a manifesto to his
family members that was included in
charging documents, [music]
which didn't mention Trump by name, but
appeared to refer to him.
President Trump says ABC and its parent
company Walt Disney should immediately
fire late-night host [music] Jimmy
Kimmel over a broadcast last week, which
the president says included a despicable
[music] call to violence. Kimmel staged
a parody of the White House
Correspondents Dinner two days ahead
[music] of the shooting incident,
referring to the first lady as an
expectant widow. Melania Trump has also
urged ABC to [music] take a stand,
calling the monologue hateful and
violent. Dave.
Okay, yeah, let's have a look at markets
and how we're doing right now. CATL, of
course, very much in focus given the
share placement
uh which was at about, I think, 628.
Shares were at 630 in the pre-market,
dipped below the 628 uh
pricing level, and as you can see right
now, have somewhat recouped, of course,
but just a little bit above there,
um 6 [music] uh 7% to the downside uh as
we speak. Okay, we'll have lots more on
the way in the second half of the China
[music] show, including, of course, some
big movers across these markets. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. We are
on watch for that BOJ decision that's
due [music]
uh this hour any moment, actually, as we
watch, of course, the perhaps dovish
reaction function, [music]
if anything, from the BOJ on the
backdrop of, you know, how range bound
really dollar yen has been amid all
this.
But we will be keeping tabs on the
dissenters, if any, on the board, as
well as the inflation forecast coming
out from the central bank.
Dave? Yeah, which Yeah, which could
likely be to the upside given everything
that's going on in the energy markets
and what that also means for growth
because the outlook is also going to be
going to be very much in focus amidst
I think the
nothing much in as far as the actual
rates
are are concerned. We'll get more with
with our co-anchor, of course, Sherry.
On, she's standing by in Tokyo for us in
a moment. Just very briefly before we
bring the team in.
What we're seeing as far as the
benchmarks go, CSI 300 flat. We were
This is exactly where we were yesterday
anyway, so nothing else is happening on
the benchmark basis with underneath the
hood though, you have a couple of stocks
we've been tracking given
a lot of deals and transactions. So,
CATL,
yes, we are down. Can we show what the
shares are doing right now? Last we
checked, 6:30, I believe, Hong Kong
dollars a pop.
The other The other one we're tracking
is Wuxi AppTec, which is the biggest
gainer on the Hang Seng index. That's an
earning story.
So, also doing quite well, offsetting
some of the baggage on the index today.
Other names that we're tracking, so you
have
mainland chip names, of course, Camera
Con, Giga Device.
So, earlier on, CITIC CLSA joined us. We
asked
We asked our Asia analyst and
strategist, what is the single biggest
or single best opportunity in the Asia
market? It's hardware, domestic hardware
semis. Full stop. That's that's that's
what they think is going to give you
alpha short term. Taiwan servers in
focus, too, because we are also looking
at this Qualcomm story and we are
feeling a tailwinds from that. And the
broader read across these benchmarks
right now, as we close in, maybe not
today, but we're closer to record highs
than we were yesterday. We're about 1%
away from that on an Asian benchmark
basis. Make a topics, Kospi, and Taiwan
on your screens very very shortly.
And of course we're coming up tailwinds
coming through out of Wall Street on the
S&P Nvidia by the way punching higher.
The socks index despite the declines we
had overnight is still on track
for the best month in at least 25 years.
It's been a tremendous month of April
there. 37% on the socks index
this month so far. We have a couple of
days left. All right. Let's bring in
David Savage our M live strategist micro
strategist here with us to talk is why
don't we start with equity markets and
semis and concentration risk? Is that a
is that even a thing now? Yeah, I mean
as you said I mean
as as strong as US semiconductor stocks
have been
Asia semiconductor stocks have have been
right there with them and
you know we've even seen you know
Chinese mainland semiconductor stocks
sort of pick up month-to-date as well on
the deep seek news.
But yeah, I mean if you look at the
benchmark levels really across across
Asia but certainly in in South Korea,
Taiwan, Japan
these are more and more concentrated in
a in really what's a single theme,
right? Which is this AI global capex
story. So
certainly a risk and but we've seen you
know here in Asia thus far
you know these stocks have not only you
know met those lofty earnings
expectations but surpassed them and but
the key going forward will be what is
the guidance look like and that'll
certainly be the look through on on
the US earnings we get this week as
well.
David, wanted to ask you as well. I mean
we saw how the EM index for the MSCI at
least reached those records.
But on that note on the concentration
risk if you strip out AI how resilient
really
are EMs?
Yeah, I I think that's exactly it. I
mean it if you if you look at the MSCI
EM index, it includes South Korea and
and Taiwan, which isn't always the case
for certain EM equity indexes. And you
know, that's really been the driver of
of this rebound for for EM stocks. And
you know, even if you look at Asia more
broadly,
uh the only sector that is positive
since the conflict began is the
technology sector, right? So, consumer
stocks are still very much in the red.
Um you know, banks are still under
pressure and that's because you know,
this this geopolitical risk hasn't
completely dissipated, right? You know,
there's other factors that are driving
particularly stocks that are um you
know, AI adjacent or or within this
theme, but
you know, July Brent is still trading
near highs now. Um we're continuing to
see energy prices elevated, continuing
concerns about uh disruption risk. Um
and so, you know, stocks outside of that
theme are continuing to be weighed down
by well, those macro factors.
David, thanks so much. Bloomberg M Life
macro strategist David Savage. Now,
let's get more on today's Bank of Japan
rate decision. The Asia trade co Anissa
Aryan joins us from Tokyo. So, Sherry,
no change expected. What else are we
watching then?
Yeah, so when we had the last two rate
hikes and back in December um back uh
last year in uh also this year in
January as well,
we saw clearer signals coming from
Governor Ueda. Really not this time
around. So, it's expected to be a hold
by most economists' expectations, but
what we're watching is the language
around the hold. How hawkish will
the BOJ be this time around, especially
given the risks around the weakness of
the Japanese yen? So, do watch out for
the divergence that we could see in the
BOJ board. Remember in the March
meeting, we had that eight to one vote
towards a hold. Are we going to see
perhaps a two board members diverging?
The likes of Naoki Tamura, Hajime Takata
could vote and dissent from the hold
wanting a 25 basis point hike. Are we
going to see perhaps even a third
member?
Will they want a 50 basis point hike
instead of a 25 basis point hike? Is a
key question as well. That's the wild
card. We're watching also the quarterly
economic forecast. Now, what's key in
this language will be
by how much inflation forecasts are
upgraded and by how much growth
forecasts are downgraded. That sort of
will give you a nuanced feeling of where
rates could be taken from here. The
expectation at least from Bloomberg
Economics is that they will eventually
hike in June.
Sherry, how does the yen feature into
this today? Is it a big one of the big
items on the agenda? Could it be a
repeat what we saw about two years ago?
Yeah, when we had the Bank of Japan
holding rates steady in April of 2024
and we had the Japanese yen just
shooting past that 160 per dollar
causing authorities to come into the
market and spend what around a hundred
billion dollars to support it. So, what
Governor Ueda says especially during the
press conference and how that's taken by
the market will be key here. Already we
had the Finance Minister of Japan
Katayama speaking this morning trying to
perhaps lend some support to the
Japanese currency saying that they're
ready to take bold action, that they can
act anytime in the next 24 hours if
needed. Already last week she told me
that they're in constant communication
with the United States. Take a listen.
Yeah, everything is secret for the
between two, but I can just say that we
are in a better cooperation. That is
very true.
Actually, he coming to Japan before he
went to China. So, he is going to China
here. Mhm.
Come here. What does he want to talk
about?
>> we we going to have a talk. Mhm. About
what?
>> And our deputies
are in close contact day and night,
>> Mhm.
24 hours,
and including any kind of a board
action.
And remember in January, the US didn't
actually step into the markets they just
did a rate check together with Japanese
authorities and New York Fed, and that
actually lent some support to the
Japanese currency. So, we will be
watching for any sort of action on how
they can provide more of a buffer for
the Japanese currency. At the same time,
what we'll be watching is not just the
Japanese yen, but perhaps also long-term
yields. According to Bloomberg
Economics, perhaps the risk is greater
around there because of course right now
we have higher oil prices, we have the
government also spending on energy
subsidies. So, what that will mean for
those fiscal concerns and the stability
of JGBs will be a key question.
What about the stagflation risk? How big
of a concern, how real is that concern
for Japan?
Yeah, when we have a weak Japanese yen,
we have oil prices rising, and we know
that energy takes up about 7% of Japan's
CPI. It's a very big concern. Already in
March, we saw gasoline prices in Japan
hit record highs. So, at a time when we
have seen sort of a more resilient
Japanese economy, remember wages by big
employers in Japan have risen for the
last 3 years by more than 5%, and you
thought, "Yeah, perhaps finally we're
getting this virtuous cycle." higher oil
prices, higher everything prices, and
that could erode the economic gains. So,
we continue to see this concern about
the health of the Japanese economy. We
had Goldman Sachs slightly downgrading
the growth expectations for the economy
for this year. But what is interesting
though is that they note the silver
lining in the economy. Remember Japan's
elderly population is usually the source
of demographic angst, but they think the
consumption hit this time around could
be limited given that elderly people
don't necessarily change their buying
behavior and then they make up for more
than 50% of Japanese households.
Right. Sherry, thank you so much. Great
context there on the silver silver
economy.
Sherry Ann, of course, will be standing
by for the BOJ. Out should be out within
the next one or two hours. By the way,
Sherry, I sent you something on your
phone. Check your phone.
Thank me later. All right, Sherry Ann in
Tokyo for us. For our Bloomberg
subscribers, you can turn to your
Bloomberg terminal for more on the
story. TLIV go is the function you run
for the breaking news at some point
[music] in the next 100 minutes or so
for the BOJ. We're waiting for the BOJ
to do absolutely nothing. Lots more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Back now to the Bank of America
Technology Dialogue in Singapore.
Haslinda is with our next guest from a
brain computer interface company. Has?
Very interesting, April. I mean, this is
China's first brain interface startup.
It uses ultrasound technology. I'm not
going to attempt to explain it, so let's
get to the founder, Phoenix Fang,
co-founder and CEO at Gestala. Good to
have you with us, Phoenix. First of all,
briefly, what does it do? Thank you.
Haslinda to have me here. My name is
Phoenix. I'm founder and CEO Gestala's.
Gestala was a first ultrasound BCI
company. A BCI company is collecting
your brains neurons with external device
to read and write your brain. That's
will be the ultimate goal of this
technology. But this technology have two
different technology stacks. First of
all is using electrical.
It means we have to put electrical into
your brain. The second one is
ultrasound. It means we can collecting
to your brains wirelessly. So that's
what we are doing right now. So Castarla
is a quite new company we just
established for four and a half three
and a half months. Yeah, we just
finished our angel round. So this is
already the biggest angel round ever
happened in the BCI sector in China.
So but it's just started.
>> what you do is quite similar to
Neuralink [clears throat] lab in the US
which is backed by
Sam Altman. Yes, this whole sector is
quite news. In US they also have two or
three company rising up in last year and
in this year. The biggest one is
co-founded by Sam Altman. That's
Neuralink labs.
And they have a lot very very good
startup teams and working with Caltech.
Mhm. So I think that's will be a similar
competitors or maybe partners in the
future. But I don't think any company in
BCI sector treat each other as a
competitor because we are doing
something for helping the patients. Not
yet anyways in terms of competition.
Perhaps down the road. You talked about
how it being a three and a half months
company. Yes, your valuation
through your angel rounds is about 100
to 200 million dollars. How do you
justify that in terms of what capacity
in terms of data? Can that be justified?
I think there are several reasons why we
have a very good starting as angel
round. First of all is a BCI sector is
very is a future industrial for the uh
national uh
five-year programs. A lot of investors
value this strategy. This is a national
agendas to moving forward.
And second of all, because our team is
uh I think very strong. I and my
co-founder, Mr. Chen Tianqiao, uh he he
used to be richest man in China and he
invested heavily both in neurosciences
and AIs. So, we have a strong co-founder
teams and our core team is also very
experienced and some of my core team is
also
previous working in Neuralink. So, I
think we have international talents to
working in the sectors. Of course, it's
big ambition, right? I mean, valuation
of $1 to $200 million
quite similar to what Neuralink, which
was founded by Elon Musk, is doing as
well. His outfit is valued at $10
billion. How will you get to that kind
of valuation, you think? What will you
be doing?
Neuralink is a very successful BCI
company. They're already running for 10
years and they invested heavily in the
sectors. And he is a benchmark for all
the BCI company globally. They already
have, I think, more than 10 patients
finished surgery with their implants.
And performance is extraordinary.
So, that's is a higher standard for all
the BCI companies globally. But, we
choosing different technology stacks. We
try to using ultrasound to modulate a
part of your deep brain structures and
for different indications. So, Neuralink
is targeting for patient with a spinal
cord injuries or ALS patients. But,
Gestalt Labs, we are targeting for
patient with chronic pain, mental
illness, or maybe stroke rehabilitation
in the future. So, we're targeting
different indication using different
technology stacks, but also in a
different stage of the companies. So, I
think Neuralink will be our
sample for long times. Yeah. Uh in terms
of product, you're looking at launching
your first BCI product by the end of
[clears throat] the year. Where are you
with that in and how are trials doing
right now? Uh our company is already
three and a half months. We currently
have 21 full-time teams right now. Our
product will be launched in Q4 this year
and we will starting the IITs clinical
trial in China. We already have a
several hospital working with us right
now
to recruiting patients. And our target
is to
get the NMPA approvals by early the year
after next years. So, there's still 2
year ahead of us to get the
NMPA approvals.
>> In terms of
a commercial launch, because eventually
it has to be money making. When do you
think that might happen? When will it
start generating revenue for the
company?
Uh for BCI company, normally it requires
6 to 7 years to get the FDA or CFDA NMPA
approvals or the company like this.
Neuralink has no revenues for 10 years.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh so,
our [clears throat] plan is to
starting commercialize the year after
next years. So, because we are
non-invasive BCI, it means we can moving
faster to commercialization and our
patients group is much bigger because
chronic pain is 20% of all the adult
people globally. So, it's a large
market. So, I think we can generate some
revenue starting from the year after
next year.
>> Mhm.
You've also found a partner in Fourier
Intelligence. Why?
Uh I think there are very strong
connection in BCI and embedded
intelligence and AI. So, this three
sector it seems like no connection, but
in the end they will have a lot of
synergy because this Fourier this a,
for embodied intelligence companies.
They're building human-like humanoid
robotics
for rehabilitations. It means we're also
targeting the same indication patients
in rehabilitations. So, that's why it
will help you accelerate the process.
Yes. So, that's why our device we're
working with Fourier humanoid robotics
to providing a better rehabilitation
experience for patients. So, that's why
we're starting kind of a joint research
program.
>> Phoenix, are you, are you hiring in the
US because your LinkedIn post suggests
that you are. Are you expanding in the
US? Um,
we do not have any subsidiary US right
now, but we hire, we're hiring some
talents from US and move to China.
We already have some VPs moving from
China, from US to China, and from Israel
to China. So, I think we will be basing
in China, but we want to have a global
talents.
>> Right. How many, how many people so far?
>> 21 right now. And you expect the number
to climb to At the end of the year, I
think maybe 40 to 45. Of foreign talent
being hired in the
>> I think maybe 20% of our core team is
will be global talents from different
countries. All have, all will move to
China. Phoenix, thank you so much for
your time today. Phoenix Pang,
co-founder and CEO at Gestalt, of course
targeting uh, chronic pain. I think at
some point in our lives, we all go
through that, Avril.
Yeah, I think we can relate to that. So,
super interesting how this technology
can maybe be used to help
rehabilitation.
Thanks for that, Hans, and of course
here's a quick look at how Asian markets
are doing as we head to the break. There
is a bit of a pullback
>> [music]
>> that we are seeing as we watch out for
the BOJ decision. Chips are the drag on
the Nikkei. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. Here are some of [music]
the major corporate stories we're
following. Bloomberg's been told that
Blue Owl investors have rebuffed a share
buyout offer led by [music] Saba
Capital's Boaz Weinstein. Sources say
holders tendered less than 1% of shares
in [music] Blue Owl Capital II to
Weinstein's Saba and Koch Capital
Partners, which had offered to buy them
[music] at a steep discount. This
suggests the malaise in private credit
has its limits with investors not ready
to cash [music] out now at below full
value.
Sources say Bill Ackman's IPO of his
closed-end fund and his alternative
[music] asset management company is
expected to raise about $5 billion.
That's the low end of the targeted
[music] fundraising range. We're told
about 85% of the IPO for Pershing Square
USA [music]
has been covered by institutional
investors. Official pricing is expected
later [music] Tuesday.
Bloomberg has learned that Intel
attracted [music] about $50 billion
worth of orders for a 6 and 1/2 billion
dollar bond [music] sale as investors
signal they're buying into the company's
turnaround [music] story. Proceeds will
help buy back a stake in an Irish chip
plant. Markets are growing more
optimistic that Intel is finally seizing
[music] on a surge in AI spending.
And suddenly, Dave, that seems to be one
of the drivers for markets in the past
couple of weeks.
No, abso- absolutely. And I think the
the lessons of history have haven't been
particularly kind really on the Intel
story, but let's let's see, right?
Certainly the stock is certainly
reacting as if this could be this could
be something different. Just very
quickly a couple of movers to my left
here as we make our way into the
Japanese lunch break and of course we'll
talk more about the BOJ if and
when of course that breaks. Buyback here
is the story as far as then so is
concerned. Nissan's also coming up on
your screens as well. Also a couple of
days ago it was a big earning story.
Nissan's coming up. Let's get it up guys
if we can today as well. By the way,
just to to April's point just now,
right? When you look at what's happening
with the Nikkei today, it's really the
chip story that's really driving that.
We're up about 4% here after of course
the company's bumping up its its its
guidance and as far as the earnings
forecasts are are concerned. Right,
on an index level where we are as far as
the JGB market is concerned and this
rising tide of bond yields globally in
case you missed it Europe got
particularly whacked yesterday
at the bond market. It's So once we're
done with the BOJ, we then move in
to the Fed, the ECB, the Bank of
England. So it's going to be very busy
as far as the monetary policy
situation is concerned this week, but
imminently is is the Bank of Japan.
We're at 250 right now on the 10-year
yield. So while it's probably not the
actual rate that's going to be very much
in question today, it's going to be the
outlook where those inflation forecasts
will be, where the growth forecast will
be and certainly the opposite in terms
of the dynamics there. Okay, just very
quickly before we take a short break,
Samsung is down about half of 1%. We
have the CEO for the Korea Investment
Management [music]
coming up very very shortly to talk us
through that world-beating rally you see
to my left, where the opportunities are.
Is that a bubble? That's a question to
ask. Lots more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo and of course
that one thing we're watching out for
the BOJ decision. That is due as we
watch not just for the expectations
clearly that it's not going to be moving
at this meeting, but also what it says
about inflation, about growth and the
split on the voting committee, right?
The portion of people that are voting
for or against
this time around. Let's take a look at
how that is playing out a bit of caution
in Japan stocks where the chips are the
drag, but you are seeing actually the
broad-based topics going clearly the
other direction at the time where as we
track the selling in JGBs, you're
continuing to see that pressure there.
Note that on the 10-year yield, these
are levels we haven't seen since 1997.
So that is a generational sort of
dynamic that we're seeing at a time
where interestingly, right? The likes of
BlackRock's been talking about how
higher government bond yields are here
to stay. Let's take a look at how the
rest of Asia is faring on a day where
maybe a bit of caution is warranted. We
are of course on the lookout for those
big tech earnings this week, central
bank decisions. We got the Fed coming up
after the BOJ as well.
Flat on the index and you know, it's
quite interesting how amid all this,
it's still about AI. A lot of optimism
there and how the likes of Korea and
Taiwan markets have pulled ahead, but of
course we're also seeing a bit of
softness in China for the moment, David.
Yeah, it's really been the case for I
think two days now on on an index level,
right? In fact, just earlier on we did
have a more nuanced conversation with
CITIC CLSA. So two things in terms of
the what the liquidity situation is in
China, and fairly abundant and also when
it comes to what is single best
opportunity in the Asia market. Sure how
we had this to say, have a look.
In March, the new account openings
disclosed by the Shanghai exchange is
the second highest in the past 12
months. So basically there's no shortage
of liquidity for especially for China
Asia. So we are kind of expecting more
inflows into the market especially for
the sectors that we just mentioned
because they seems to be able to deliver
decent profits earnings for the next two
to three quarters. And after this
revaluation, then we will we might
to revalue you know to reassess our
portfolios. But that will be for the
second half of this year.
I think the best trade is the
sorry the domestic semis cuz we just
have deep deep secret before
AI model. It seems that from their
official announcement is that they're
going to lower their token price once
their models kind of could could be
applied to the Huawei
chip right the SM. So basically I think
the China's models now together with the
China's domestic computing center
there's a reinforcing process they have
a very successful big successful
business model.
Now investors are once again betting
that Asian stocks will outpace US peers
that says confidence builds in the
regions role when it comes to this AI
boom in its supply chain after lagging
US equities as you can see on your
screens
in the immediate aftermath after the
Iran war began Asia staged this very
strong rebound with the index up 14%
this month outpacing
the US equity markets which by the way
have also had a decent month and I just
do underscore the point even further.
Winnie Shu is with us here our Asia
equities reporter to talk us through the
drivers of this Asia outperformance
against the US in April.
Yes, so pretty much investors now
looking past the Iran war right? So
they're reverting all the way back to
what they have as a playbook from the
beginning of the year, which is to bet
on non-US assets to outperform US assets
and bet on the depreciation of the US
dollar as well. So, this specifically is
also related to how we're seeing them
chasing the AI rally and the tech stocks
as well. For now, we're looking at, for
example, um Invesco and um Lazard
telling us that they do prefer Asia over
the US for that tech strength. We're
looking at earnings growth for KOSPI,
for example, up 200% in the next 12
months. And for the TAIEX index, up some
50% versus for the S&P, just about 20%.
Valuation still looks attractive, so
lots of reason to like the the Asia
stocks right now.
>> Yeah, and I think Samsung is out with a
breakdown of its earnings in 2 days, so
we'll get more on that. In terms of
being selective, how are investors
looking at sort of North versus South
Asia and other parts of this other parts
of the region? Yeah, so being selective
means being selective in different ways.
You just mentioned geographically, North
Asia versus South Asia. Because for
North Asia, we have Taiwan, South Korea,
and in fact, we see these market caps
surging to past the UK, um and also
Germany, France earlier. So, it's really
taking off on the AI boom. While South
Asia, actually, when you look at Nifty,
so Indian stocks and also ASEAN stocks,
they haven't even they're still actually
trading in the red since the war began
because of the energy shock, the lack of
AI exposure, the expected um inflation
inflationary um pressure to come,
weighing on their currencies, and also
leaving less room for their central
banks to ease further.
On the North Asia
outperformance, what might derail this?
What are the risks?
Yeah, so first off, earnings is still
something that we're very closely
watching out for. So, for now, we have
all these positive earnings from the
likes of SK Hynix and TSMC. And David
just mentioned we'll be closely watching
out for Samsung. However, we also have
the five hyperscalers reporting earnings
out of the max seven this week. And
investors are telling us that because of
the heavy reliance on these hyperscalers
of Asian tech stocks, they are going to
have a significant impact um
in terms of um
where their capex is standing and how
much of an impact they have from the
Iran war is going to have lots of
implications for the stocks in Asia,
specifically North Asia.
>> Yeah, well, they can just give me their
capex really. I can find other things to
do with that. No, I'm kidding. I'm
kidding. Okay. All right, Winnie, thank
you so much. Winnie to you there, our
Asia equity strategist. All eyes on
capex because that is a a very good
indication of future potential growth uh
and the commitment to that uh sort of
part of the
uh the supply chain. And speaking of,
right, Kospi index coming up on your
screens, fantastically well. Uh this
doesn't even cover that massive leg
higher going into the new year. Uh yes,
we are up 60% year-to-date
on the Kospi index, the best performing
major index
uh this year. Joining us here on set is
the CEO of Korean Investment Management
and a pioneer in fact in the sector in
South Korea. Uh JK Bae is also often
referred to as the father of Korean uh
ETFs. Mr. Bae, very nice to see you.
Thank you for taking the time to join us
today.
>> Thank you for inviting me here today.
It's a really good time to be having a
conversation around Korea. The market is
really having this global moment because
of the bull market.
Um
what is your sense of where we are in
this bull market and whether are we near
a bubble? This do these valuations make
sense to you? As we all know, Korea's
stock market performing very well since
last year.
This rally can be explained by three
different angles. One is government
value programs which started last year.
Triggered
the ratings of Korean undervalued
stocks. And second one is government
>> [clears throat]
>> real estate tightening policy
which triggered the money shift from the
real estate market to stock market. And
the third one is you know, as we all
know a strong momentum in memory
semiconductor industry. So as a result,
Korea's stock market maintained upward
the trend.
Can I ask you
>> I think this trend you know, will
continue for the time being. Okay.
Can I ask you about memory specifically
because that is
among the three I think the theme that
foreign investors have really
uh paid attention to. Uh how do how do
we need to be thinking about
concentration risk in the Korean market
because that is just one or two big
names which are doing very well, but
those those are just also one or two big
names.
>> Right. To to some extent I agree with
your ideas. In semiconductor industry,
there are actually eight processes.
So
I make it simple you know, into four
step four processes. One is memory.
The other one is
families and third one is uh
uh what is that
foundry and equipment.
Uh these four sectors are value chain of
whole semiconductor industry.
Korean
semiconductor companies just focus on
the memory, right? As we know, memory
>> [clears throat]
>> memory sector is very cyclical. Uh
memory chip price depends heavily
depends on the
supply demand cycle. Right? So, I like
to, you know, recommend investors to
focus on whole value chain.
So, actually we launched the product
targeting this whole value chain. So,
for example, uh
our product product name is
uh ACE. ACE is the brand name of our
company. ACE Global Semiconductor Top 4.
Okay.
>> Right? So,
>> [clears throat]
>> uh
that includes four basic names. One is a
uh
Out of
Hynix and Samsung Electronics, we chose
uh Hynix. Hynix for memory, Nvidia for
fabless, TSMC for uh
foundry, and ASML for
uh chip equipment
>> yeah, equipment. Yeah. So, we allocated
20% for each individual stock. 20? 20%.
>> 20%. Okay, so that's 80%.
>> together 80%. And also the remaining 20%
we allocated to the six stocks because
uh by regulations, we need to have at
least 10 names. Okay.
>> so, based on the market cap, uh
in terms of market cap from 5 to 10, six
stocks
uh allocated 20%. So,
this
uh ETF launched uh
uh November 20
22. Mhm. So, 3 and 1/2 years have
passed. Mhm. Right?
Uh
it's the price launching price is
10,000.
Uh this morning, it is traded uh
uh 71,000.
Almost a 6.1
times return. Right? Mhm. Uh compared to
the the most famous
semiconductor index, that is the
Philadelphia, Yes.
>> uh for the past, you know, since launch,
the performance almost more than twice.
The Philadelphia semiconductor index
since 2022.
>> So,
when investing semiconductors, so I like
to recommend, you know,
investors
just to be cautious on focusing on
semiconductor. I mean, I mean, memory
chip a lot. So, memory chip is, as I
told you, very cyclical. Right now, it
is in
supply shortage.
But no one knows, you know, when the
oversupply will happen. Right. Can I ask
you about that? That's That's a very
good point. Well, first my first
question is you mentioned you picked SK
Hynix over Samsung for the memory. Why
did What Why SK Hynix?
>> Actually, you know, because of CP GPU,
right? Chip In case of GPU,
it's SK Hynix provided HBM.
Right. So, they Their HBM is much, you
know,
Is it a superior product to what you
think Samsung offers?
>> Actually,
when we first launched ETF, right? This
is this product,
we
we we add we selected the Samsung
Electronics. Okay. But after that, in 2
years, I we changed to SK Hynix. Right.
The
>> [clears throat]
>> The part around
you know, markets look ahead and markets
have clearly bought into the memory chip
shortage.
>> Right.
Um I was listening to a podcast
Jensen Huang was on of Nvidia, and he
talked about how, you know, these
shortages don't last.
They only last 2 to 3 years. Right. Uh
nothing more than that.
Once the markets figure out that
the shortage is about to become less of
a shortage, what do you think happens to
the Korean market at that point?
>> Actually, you know, there was
three times boom for memory
chip. So, when the PC
uh PC era, right? Yes.
>> the
the memory chip price cut like it did.
And the mobile phone era, right, the
same happened. Now, AI era, right, the
same is happening. So, some people say,
"This time memory cycle is a different
from the
that of the past."
>> I see. But uh
I think, you know, no one knows when the
oversupply
will will happen.
>> Mhm. So, be cautious.
Be cautious. Yeah. So, uh I think, you
know,
uh
considering the all the necessities of
memory chip, uh the shortage condition
will continue more than a year. But uh
for for the longer term perspective, I'd
like to recommend to focus on the whole
value chain. Okay.
>> That is a Asia Global Semiconductor
Fund. Right. Okay. And that's And that's
the product. Outside of
outside of memory and semiconductors,
looking at the Korean market, are there
any other opportunities that you think
investors are
uh ignoring? Right. Korean
Korea is very, you know, strong in
manufacturing sectors.
Uh
the first one is
as we told, you know, semiconductor.
Mhm. The second one is auto.
Right. And then shipping.
And defense. Right. Uh Korean defense
industry become famous in uh US-Iran
war. Mhm. You know that, right? And the
last one is nuclear energy. Mhm. So,
uh these five sectors are, you know,
global
advantage global competitiveness. So, uh
rather than focus on just, you know,
other than market, uh
I'd like to recommend to have interest
in these five different growing sectors.
>> Mhm. So, in Korea, there are lots of
uh sector ETF targeting uh this, you
know, growing sectors. Okay. And and as
far as your product
and pipeline is concerned, are you
looking at
releasing or introducing new strategies
and new products to tap into these new
markets? How can
>> Actually, I have a plan to launch, you
know, a focus on these five growing
sectors. The product will come in June.
Okay. So, just to reiterate, what are
the five sectors again? Nuclear?
Semiconductor. Okay. And the
auto. Auto.
>> Right. And
uh, shipping.
Defense and nuclear energy, right?
Thank you so much for the time. Let's
Let's talk once maybe the products are
launched and we can see how how flows
are looking at.
>> You bet me again. Yes, of course. Of
course. Our producers are listening in
and I'm sure they're already nodding.
Thank you so much, sir, for the time.
J.Q. Bether, CEO of Korea uh, Investment
Management. By the way, for our viewers,
you can rewatch that interview we just
did on the Bloomberg video hub.
Subscribers can explore live [music]
streaming, news, interviews, and
everything in between on
uh, bloomberg.com/videos.
Lots more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> You're watching the China Show. Pony.ai
co-founder and CEO James Peng says the
company remains on track to meet its
2026 targets despite temporary
disruptions from the Iran war. Peng also
told us that navigating complex global
regulations remains among the biggest
hurdles for the industry.
I I think the key challenges is every
country has different regulations. Every
country has different regulations
related to transportation, related to
data privacy, data protection, and all
that. So, we essentially have to
navigate the complex regulatory
environment. But, as we are gaining
experience,
uh definitely we we we our our goal is
to have much larger fleet expansion this
year. Mhm. You talk about navigating. Of
course, we're talking amidst the Iran
war. Is it uh derailing
your operation in any way? Is it
derailing your production in any way?
No, I don't think it's derailed, but but
it's sort of push a pause button for our
operation in the Middle East for a
little bit. Uh and and they actually did
during the conflict, the shipment of our
vehicles is actually just floating
uh oh
in one of the oceans over there. But, we
were able to
uh resume the operation. I think because
the demand for autonomous driving is
strong and the commitment from the local
government for autonomous driving is
very strong. So, we were able to
actually resume the operation and uh
I I think overall is
just a a little pause. So, pause, but no
delays expected. You are still
on track for your targets.
In in a way, yes, because we were able
to actually accelerate afterwards.
When it comes to the EV space, the robot
taxi space, there are lots of concerns
about safety. We saw the outage
uh in terms of the Baidu fleet, about
100, I think, uh fleets
all stalled at the same time. How are
you looking at that incident and how are
you mitigating the risks from that?
Yeah, I think the safety has
been always been the the cornerstone of
our industry, right? Our our company
motto actually is uh safety first.
Uh in a way, I think the uh
it it's
a an incident like Baidu's, I think it's
uh uh probably inevitable as the whole
industry is moving forward as we are all
learning the uh
uh consequences for potential
uh
I think in this case it's not real
really safety. It's like a uh
traffic disruption. So, for us
I think it's uh comes in order to
mitigate this type of uh incidents, I
think it has to go through
uh a first full-ranged approach to deal
with it uh ranging from
technology, running from the safety of
the vehicle itself, but it's also about
how you mitigate the risks, right? In-
instead of if there's anything happens,
the vehicle should still have the
ability to handle the minimum risk and
pull over, for example. And also it's
it's also about uh
s- safety response, right? If anything
like that happens, we should respond
really quickly. So, so I think it good
thing that we we as an industry we all
learn from
uh prior mistakes and try to make uh the
whole system to be safer and more
efficient.
>> But people talk about the
vulnerabilities of a centralized system.
Is there a way around that? Is there an
alternative? What are you looking at?
Yes. Because it's not just about
centralized, it's also how do you make
the uh vulnerability to be dis-
distributed? Uh it's about how you build
redundancy into your system.
When one system fails, it should always
have maybe not even one level of
redundancy, have three le- layers of
redundancy. So, so there's certainly a
system design approach to mitigate the
risk.
Right, welcome back. Uh this is on some
breaking news right now. This side of
the journal here on the China blocking
the meta acquisition of of Madness. Uh
we understand based on the report coming
out of the journal that the meta is
preparing to have to undo then the deal
after the ban coming throughout China.
They are preparing or the founders are
preparing to depart meta as part of that
unwinding
of that deal.
There are lots more details in this, but
those are the key headlines to note at
this point in time. We'll have lots more
ahead.
This
is Bloomberg.
Now following yesterday's NDRC decree
that meta has to unwind its acquisition
of mana's, we're getting further details
now. Based on reporting by the Wall
Street Journal, meta is preparing to
undo that mana's deal after the China
ban. The mana's founders are also set to
depart meta as part of the unwinding of
this deal. And we also have a timeline
of sorts that China has given a
preliminary deadline of weeks to unwind
this deal. And we're also learning that
China had been mulling penalties on
mana's on meta if the deal was not
rescinded. So certainly this is quite a
startling turn of affairs as far as
deals, tech, founders
considering what's to come perhaps when
it comes to their view on the Chinese
market and their operations there as
well, David.
Absolutely. Technology at the bleeding
edge at the frontier of course is very
much in focus here. In case you missed
that one line statement late yesterday
coming throughout of the NDRC on that on
that story. Before we go, just a glance
at Japanese assets futures. We are on
the lunch break of course in the cash
markets.
So we are on watch for the Bank of Japan
should be dropping at [music] any moment
now. Stay tuned of course for more here
on Bloomberg Television. That's it from
us here on the China show. [music]
Insights with Haslinda Amin is coming up
next.